LogiBoard Integration
=====================

The ``LogiBoard`` in the ``django_logging`` package provides an interface for uploading, extracting, and exploring log files that have been zipped and shared via email. This allows for easier log management.

.. note::

   **Superuser Access Only**: Only superusers have access to the LogiBoard URL. If accessed by a non-superuser, they will get Access Denied page made by Lazarus.

Setup Instructions
------------------

1. **Add to URLs**:
   Include the following in your URL configuration to enable access to LogiBoard:

   .. code-block:: python

    from django.urls import path, include


    urlpatterns = [
        # ...
        path("django-logging/", include("django_logging.urls")),
        # ...
    ]

LogiBoard will be accessible at the following link in your project after setting it up:
   ``/django-logging/log-iboard/``

2. **Static Files**:
   Run the following command to collect and prepare the static files necessary for LogiBoard's interface:

   .. code-block:: bash

      python manage.py collectstatic

   The `collectstatic` command is required to gather and serve static assets (such as JavaScript, CSS, and images) used by LogiBoard. This ensures the front-end of the log upload and browsing interface works correctly.

3. **Enable LogiBoard**:
   In your settings file, ensure the following setting is added under ``DJANGO_LOGGING``:

   .. code-block:: python

      DJANGO_LOGGING = {
          # ...
          "INCLUDE_LOG_iBOARD": True,
          # ...
      }

   This setting ensures that LogiBoard is available in your project.


Using LogiBoard
---------------

Logiboard is designed to help administrators easily review log files that have been zipped and sent via email (generated by the ``send_logs`` management command). This is particularly useful for remotely retrieving log files from production systems or shared environments.

- **Access Logiboard**: Go to the link ``/django-logging/log-iboard/`` in your project to open the LogiBoard interface.
- **Upload ZIP Files**: Click the upload icon or drag and drop ZIP files into the upload area. Only ZIP files are supported for upload.
- **Explore Log Files**: After uploading, Logiboard automatically extracts the log files and displays their structure. You can browse through directories and open log files in supported formats, such as ``.log``, ``.txt``, ``.json``, and ``.xml``.
- **Upload New Files**: Once you're done reviewing, click the "Send Another" button to upload and explore more logs.

LogiBoard makes it simple to manage and review logs, ensuring you can quickly access and analyze critical log data.
